open-software/CONTRIBUTORS.md, before:

__Bayer, Johanna__  
University of Melbourne  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4891-6256](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4891-6256)  
[https://github.com/likeajumprope](https://github.com/likeajumprope)  
[https://twitter.com/likeajumprope](https://twitter.com/likeajumprope)  
  
__Brown, Sierra__  
Million Concepts, LLC  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6065-5461](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6065-5461)  
[https://github.com/Sierra-MC](https://github.com/Sierra-MC)  
  
__Chegini, Taher__  
University of Houston  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5430-6000](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5430-6000)
[https://github.com/cheginit](https://github.com/cheginit)  
[https://twitter.com/_taher_](https://twitter.com/_taher_)    
  
__Keat, Yeo__  
University of Putra Malaysia  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6935-3101](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6935-3101)  
[https://github.com/ee2110](https://github.com/ee2110)  
[https://twitter.com/EeYeoKeat](https://twitter.com/EeYeoKeat)  
  
__Onabajo, Babatunde__  
ChurchMapped Limited  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6118-9255](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6118-9255)
[https://github.com/BabatundeOnabajo](https://github.com/BabatundeOnabajo)  
[https://twitter.com/babatundeonabaj](https://twitter.com/babatundeonabaj)		
  
Powell, James  
ORCID  
GitHub  
Twitter  
  
Riddell, Cameron  
ORCID  
GitHub  
Twitter  
  
__Vaz, Ana__  
University of Miami  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0336-5227](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0336-5227)
[https://github.com/AnaVaz-NOAA](https://github.com/AnaVaz-NOAA)
[https://github.com/anacarolvaz](https://github.com/anacarolvaz)	
[https://twitter.com/anacarolvaz](https://twitter.com/anacarolvaz)

Commit message:

Add twitter and github for James and Cameron.
Still can't find orcid IDs

open-software/CONTRIBUTORS.md, after:

__Bayer, Johanna__  
University of Melbourne  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4891-6256](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4891-6256)  
[https://github.com/likeajumprope](https://github.com/likeajumprope)  
[https://twitter.com/likeajumprope](https://twitter.com/likeajumprope)  
  
__Brown, Sierra__  
Million Concepts, LLC  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6065-5461](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6065-5461)  
[https://github.com/Sierra-MC](https://github.com/Sierra-MC)  
  
__Chegini, Taher__  
University of Houston  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5430-6000](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5430-6000)
[https://github.com/cheginit](https://github.com/cheginit)  
[https://twitter.com/_taher_](https://twitter.com/_taher_)    
  
__Keat, Yeo__  
University of Putra Malaysia  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6935-3101](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6935-3101)  
[https://github.com/ee2110](https://github.com/ee2110)  
[https://twitter.com/EeYeoKeat](https://twitter.com/EeYeoKeat)  
  
__Onabajo, Babatunde__  
ChurchMapped Limited  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6118-9255](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6118-9255)
[https://github.com/BabatundeOnabajo](https://github.com/BabatundeOnabajo)  
[https://twitter.com/babatundeonabaj](https://twitter.com/babatundeonabaj)		
  
Powell, James
Don’t Use This Code
ORCID  
[https://github.com/CRiddler](https://github.com/CRiddler) 
[https://twitter.com/dontusethiscode](https://twitter.com/dontusethiscode)
  
Riddell, Cameron
Don’t Use This Code
ORCID  
[https://github.com/dutc](https://github.com/dutc)
[https://mobile.twitter.com/riddlemecam](https://mobile.twitter.com/riddlemecam)
  
__Vaz, Ana__  
University of Miami  
[https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0336-5227](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0336-5227)
[https://github.com/AnaVaz-NOAA](https://github.com/AnaVaz-NOAA)
[https://github.com/anacarolvaz](https://github.com/anacarolvaz)	
[https://twitter.com/anacarolvaz](https://twitter.com/anacarolvaz)
